---
description: What its all about
---

# 6.1  ETX Sports Betting

People have always been very enthusiastic about sports, and online sports betting provides another way to participate in a season’s excitement. Excitement that was once shared among office friends can now be experienced on a bigger scale as apps and websites connect huge fandoms together to bet on fantasy sports every week. Now that it’s accessible through apps and the increase in number of participants also increase the prizes of the pay-outs. The bigger the prizes, the bigger the excitement.

An effect of heightened sports betting participation is that sports as a whole sees more money. As fans invest money in their wagers, they get more invested in the games and their outcomes. They become more likely to follow the games regularly, giving attention to sports channels and overall giving attention to the ETX Infinity token which will become successful in the long run.

Mobile wagering has become the preferred method of sports gamblers, this is the moment where ETX Infinity pops in to create its own site and application that will be used for gambling sporting activities around the world using ETX Infinity tokens as the primary payment or investment. The revenue generated on the platform will be invested in the project and people will also benefit as wins on their bets will be rewarded with ETX Infinity tokens.

App-based betting increase the stakes and connects communities together for bigger jackpots. The effect on states has been huge, with many making millions of dollars in revenue on a monthly basis from sports betting alone. ETX infinity gambling site and apps will not only work for people wagering on sporting activities but it will also be used as a marketing technic to increase awareness of the ETX Infinity token and spread it around the world.

The increase in the popularity of gambling will not only increase the awareness and marketing of the ETX Infinity token but it will also invite investors to use this decentralized site without legal restrictions which in case will also be a jackpot to introduce them to the cryptocurrency world and see the benefits of where the world is heading to, also keeping updated to the new age of technological advancement.
