---
description: All you need to know
---

# 4.1  The ETX Metaverse

​If you are now legitimately wondering what exactly sport has to do with all these explanations, you are certainly not alone. But the answer to this question is not trivial. Because on the one hand, traditional sports somehow have nothing at all to do with the Metaverse world, but on the other hand, the world of sports will fundamentally change as a result.

Today, almost every successful company has its own presence on the Internet. In the form of a website, social media appearances and content. And so, in the future, almost every company will have a presence in the metaverse. Amazon will design digital malls, Disney will digitize its theme parks, and Netflix will have a number of digital movie theaters in the Metaverse.

So in the first step, the Metaverse reality will primarily revolutionize the way people consume sports.

ETX will create a Metaverse whereby users can experience the world of Sports through virtual reality up close. The ETX Metaverse is the first Metaverse created on its own blockchain so that Sports fans can experience a new world of entertainment like never before. On the ETX Metaverse arena, sports enthusiasts will come together with their virtual avatars, buy and wear fan merchandise of their favorite clubs, socialize, celebrate sports with other fans and, of course, watch the games and events. There are no geographical and physical barriers anymore. In the Metaverse, any number of fans from England can watch the Superbowl in a Metaverse stadium in USA.

Through ETX mutli-view camera technology through VR technology, spectators can even enter the field itself and walk alongside the players, join the football cheerleaders and watch the game from different vantage points. Last but not least, Metaverse allows everyone to sit in the same room with their friends, even if they are physically miles away.

Through ETX Infinity, fans will no longer just be present at sporting events, but right in the middle of them – and still in the comfort of their own home on the couch or computer chair.

et
