# 2.5  Cross Chain Bridge and Multichain

Interest in blockchain bridges is a result of the expansion of the blockchain ecosystem. In the past, not many cared about using other blockchains; users would likely use Ethereum for dApps or Bitcoin for high-value transfers. Much of the income generation in crypto was usually limited to holding assets, like BTC or ETH, and hope for dramatic increases in token prices

&#x20;

Then with time developers have worked hard to create cross-chain and multichain protocols which facilitate communication between different blockchains. A cross-chain bridge connects independent blockchains and enables the transfer of assets and information between them, allowing users to access other protocols easily. The multichain future is a present reality as newer blockchains continue to launch. Per stats, there are 125+ Layer 1 and Layer 2 blockchains, each offering unique trade-offs, security guarantees, scalability, and so on. With the explosion in blockchains comes a need for better interoperability in the blockchain ecosystem.



Bridges are necessary because blockchains are like silos unable to communicate with each other. For example, you cannot use BTC on Ethereum or ETH on BTC.  This is the main reason why blockchain bridges were formed to enhance movement of assets between different crypto chains. So, the new chains offer benefits like cheaper transaction fees, higher network throughout and access to innovative yield-earning activities. A cross-chain bridge for ETX Infinity is of paramount importance because it allows for greater productivity of assets, better user experience and maximum liquidity for dApps.

&#x20;

&#x20;So it is in the light that with the ETX Infinity chain being created, it will promote more upgraded facilities convenient for the users in which a cross-chain bridge will be created so as to also partner with other well-known chains such as Avalanche, Tron, Eth etc. So, the ETX cross-chain bridge will boost interoperability by facilitating the movement of tokens across independent blockchains. Developers can integrate such bridges into dApps to increase available liquidity.

&#x20;

ETX Cross-chain dApps will support more than one chain, so they can access more liquidity and users. They rely on bridges that let users move assets across various chains within the same dApp
