---
description: What its all about
---

# 5.1  ETW Sports TV

ETW will make partnerships with other sporting clubs in trying to promote ETW Infinity utility of decentralized channels for the whole world. This partnership with known world clubs will bring viability, transparency and more trust for the project to exceed expectations and fulfil its main aim to be a billion-dollar market cap project. One thing for certain is that the landscape of the sports industry will look very different in the next few years, so sporting organizations need to take action now to ensure they are well-positioned to capitalize on new opportunities. The sports industry will continue to see an influx of money from new sources, shifting power dynamics and more widespread use of emerging technologies Revenue will be generated in many ways in which ETW Infinity will be one of the first sport streaming and decentralized cryptocurrency project in the world.&#x20;\
\
Sports are exciting, fun, and are followed by intense fandoms; however, the behind the scenes on how they operate and generate profits can be just as important as the primary concern for ETW Infinity. People will be able to subscribe the ETW Infinity channels for sporting which will bring revenue to the project massively, worsening the fact that the World Cup is approaching brings much viability for this utility. Investors will be able to subscribe the TV channels with ETW Infinity tokens and stream sports. This will bring much revenue which will be automatically invested into the token as it is the primary motive for the project.&#x20;\
\
There’s no doubt the sports industry has learned valuable lessons from the unprecedented events of the past few years and with an eye on the future, it is laying the foundations for new revenue streams that will provide greater financial stability in an increasingly digitized world. The sports industry faces significant changes, which makes it vital to ensure maximum value can be realized from digital assets. Streaming technology can even complement the use of NFTs by encouraging the sharing of assets without making additional copies in the process. This maximizes exposure and exclusivity at the same time. The Television channels will involve levels in which more streamers will be rewarded with rare unique NFTs of wonderful memories that have happened in sporting for example Diego Maradona’s Hand of God during the World Cup. The quality of streaming will be also be distinguished with the subscription package done. The prices of sporting subscriptions at the moment will also differ depending on the type of sport being streamed.\
\
