# 🕋 5.0 ETW Infinity

The global sports industry is in the midst of a considerable transformation. The effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, combined with a market that comprises an increasing proportion of tech-savvy millennials, is changing the way sport is consumed and supported around the world. While the pandemic certainly had a big impact on revenues in the short term, the long-term driver of overall change is the increasing move towards streamed content. Such a rise was in part fueled by imposed lockdowns. Relative normalcy resumed; however, a continued increase is expected with the global streaming market projected to grow by 21.3% by the year 2030.

With the sporting environment becoming a bigger topic in this current world it is quite amazing that sporting television channels are gaining huge revenue in people streaming. This aspect however hasn’t been integrated massively into the cryptocurrency world; the mission of ETX Infinity clearly has the way to spread the word of sporting through decentralized channels of broadcasted sporting activities around the world. The popular known world sports which are massively streamed are Soccer, Basketball, NFL, Tennis and etc. but ETX Infinity television will integrate and promote all sporting activities to be popular on its platform. Currently the most sport that brings revenue through streaming is National Football League (NFL) followed by Major League Baseball (MLB), National Basketball Association (NBA), Premier League (Soccer) etc. NFL brings an average revenue of 16 billion a year in which revenue from broadcasting is around 10 billion, then just imagine bringing this revenue to ETX Infinity with benefits of decentralization and engaging the cryptocurrency community to the world.
