# 14.1  Rules of Conduct

Your use of the Site and Content is conditioned on your compliance with the rules of conduct set forth here. You will not:

• Use the Site or Content for any fraudulent or unlawful purpose.

• Interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Site or Content or the servers or networks used to make the Site and Content available; or violate any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of such networks.

• Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site or Content (including without limitation by hacking or defacing any portion of the Site or Content).

• Use the Site or Content to advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services without ETX express prior written consent.

• Reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of, use of, or access to the Site or Content.

• Modify, adapt, reverse engineer, de-compile/disassemble any part of the Site or Content.

• Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from the Site or materials originating from the Site or Content.

• Frame or mirror any part of the Site or Content without ETX's express prior written consent.

• Create a database by systematically downloading and storing Content.

• Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device to retrieve, index, “scrape,” “data mine” or in any way gather Content or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site without Company’s express prior written consent.
